Project Description:

This project gives students an opportunity to apply some of the predictive analytics model covered in class. 
The project will be done individually.
Students are given a data set that has characteristics of diamonds like, color, cut, etc. and their related prices.
They are expected to come up with a pricing model that works best in the scenario.
Eighty percent of the sample data set should be used to build the model.
The other 20% of the sample (hold out sample) should be used to test the model to see how well the model predicts diamond prices.
The project must be completed in python.
You should have the requisite software installed.

Project Expectation:

1.Convert the dataset into a balance dataset.
2.Train and split
3.Study the distribution of the data by building histograms using matplotlib.
4.Determine all the descriptive stats of the data.
5.standardize the dataset.
6.Determine the co-relation matrix to study the various co-relations of the data
7.Build different prediction using the data.
8.Show every output in the form of visualization (use seaborn).
9.Execute proper metrics to predict the model.


Submit a Project Report:
After you have accomplished the above, record your observations and submit an individual project 


1.Description of the project (5 Marks)
2.Description of the data (5 marks)
3.Your analyses of the data based on the distributions and the descriptive statistics (10 marks)
4.Any data transformations that you may have done and describe the reasoning behind them (10 Marks)
5.Describe how the data set was standardized (10 marks)
6.Analyze the co-relation matrix and describe how it will impact your prediction models. Did any of the co-relations impact the models?
Because of the co-relations, did you drop any variables?(10 Marks)

7.Describe the results of the different predictive models that you choose (20 Marks)
8.Identify which model was the best and why (10 Marks)
9. What is the level of confidence you have in the final model selected. Identify the limitations of your model. (10 Marks)




Note:
1.Use different methods for each model and show maximum variations.